fixes a few mistakes in the resource block ref (#37068)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/block/resource.mdx

- Data type: Boolean.
- Default: None.

### `inline` 

Specifies a list of command strings for the remote resource to run.

```hcl
resource {
  # ...
  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    inline = [ "<command>" ]
  }
}
```
The provisioner uses the remote resource's default shell unless you specify a shell as the first command, for example `#!/bin/bash`. You cannot add an `inline` argument in the same provisioner with `script` or `scripts`.

#### Summary

- Data type: List.
- Default: None.

### `script`

Specifies the relative or absolute path to a script on the local machine to copy and execute on the remote resource.  

```hcl
resource {
  # ...
  provisioner "remote-exec" {
    scripts = "<path-to-script>"
  }
}
```

You cannot add a `script` argument in the same provisioner with `inline` or `scripts`.

#### Summary

- Data type: String.
- Default: None.

### `scripts`

> Specifies a list of relative or absolute paths to scripts on the local machine to copy and execute on the remote resource.  

Reviewer: I believe these are _file_ paths, so we could clarify that as such, i.e.

```
Specifies a list of relative or absolute file paths to scripts on the local machine to copy and execute on the remote resource.  
```

> Specifies a list of relative or absolute paths to scripts on the local machine to copy and execute on the remote resource.  

Author: ```suggestion
Specifies a list of relative or absolute paths to script files on the local machine to copy and execute on the remote resource.  
```
